# DKNFLThis repo is for generating NFL lineups for DraftKings.Inputs:    - DK Salary CSV (PLAYERS INJURED OR OUT MUST BE MANUALLY REMOVED FROM CSV)    - NFL.com data (CURRENTLY USING LAST YEARS DATA, WILL START USING THIS YEAR AFTER WEEK 3)Outputs:    - List of top LineUps as a CSV in the format needed to import mass lineups into DK (currently a 'top lineup' is a model score above 180)    Guiding Principals --QB:    Assess opposing defense capability based on DK scoring: 1 pt per 25 yds, 4pt passing TD, 3 pt 300 yd game, -1 interception.    Simulate these scores to the QB and rank them (QB with most upside based on opponent to QB with least upside).    Score from most upside to least 0 - 10, then add that value to existing FPPG.RB:    Assess opposing defense capabilty based on DK scoring: 1pt per 10yds or .1 pt per yard, rush TD is 6 pts.    Simulate these scores to the RB and rank them (RB with most upside based on opponent to RB with least upside).    Score from most upside to least 0 - 10, then add that value to existing FPPG.    MISSING: RB RECEPTIONS, NEED TO FIND A WAY TO INCORPORATE RB RECEPTIONS    WR:    Assess oppoosing defense capability based on DK scoring: 1pt per 10yds or .1 pt per yard, rec TD is 6 pts, rec is 1 pt    Simulate these scores to the WR and rank them (WR with most upside based on opponent to WR with least upside).    Score from most upside to least 0 - 10, then add that value to existing FPPG.    TE:    Assess oppoosing defense capability based on DK scoring: 1pt per 10yds or .1 pt per yard, rec TD is 6 pts, rec is 1 pt    Simulate these scores to the TE and rank them (TE with most upside based on opponent to TE with least upside).    Score from most upside to least 0 - 10, then add that value to existing FPPG.DEF:    Assess opposing offense capabilty based on DK scoring: #sack 1 pt, int 2 pt, fum 2 pt, 1 – 6 Points Allowed +7 Pts, 7 – 13 Points Allowed +4 Pts, 14 – 20 Points Allowed +1 Pt, 21 – 27 Points Allowed +0 Pts, 28 – 34 Points Allowed -1 Pt, 35+ Points Allowed -4 Pts    Simulate these scores to the DEF and rank them (DEF with most upside based on opponent to DEF with least upside).    Score from most upside to least 0 - 10, then add that value to existing FPPG.    MISSING: FIELD GOAL DATA    Optimization Goal:    Maximize Total PointsContraint:    Salary < $50,000